[core modules/doc] Update CONTRIBUTING.md for Move (#4650)
libra/libra: language/stdlib/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Coding conventions

### Naming
- **Module names**: are camel case e.g., `LibraAccount`, `Libra`
- **Type names**: are camel case e.g., `WithdrawalCapability`, `KeyRotationCapability`
- **Function names**: are lower snake case e.g., `register_currency`
- **Constant names**: are upper snake case e.g., `TREASURY_COMPLIANCE_ADDRESS`

> - Generic types should be descriptive, or anti-descriptive where appropriate (e.g. `T` for the Vector generic type parameter, `LibraAccount` for the core `LibraAccount` resource, `deposit<Token>(t: Token)` for depositing a token in the `Libra` module). Most of the time the "main" type in a module should be the same name as the module e.g., `Libra::Libra`, `LibraAccount::LibraAccount`.

Reviewer: One question: do we want to standardize on `Token`, `CoinType`, or `Currency`? I think we use all three in the code right now...

Author: ahhh yes. Good question, and I think we do want to standardize that. I am partial to `Currency`, but second preference is `CoinType`. Do you have a preference towards any of these three?

> - **Builtins** are unqualified and lower snake case e.g., `vector`, `borrow_global`

Reviewer: Not a big deal, but not sure that this needs to be a part of the style guide given that contributors can't add new builtins...

Author: Yea..I wasn't sure whether to add it or not. I'll take it out in the name of being succinct.

- Types are imported at the top-level. Where there are name clashes, `as` should be used to rename the type locally as appropriate.
 e.g. if there is a module
```rust
module Foo {
    resource struct Foo { }
    public const CONST_FOO: u64 = 0;
    public fun do_foo(): Foo { Foo{} }
    ...
}
```
this would be imported and used as:
```rust
module Bar {
    use 0x1::Foo::{Self, Foo};

    public fun do_bar(x: u64): Foo {
        if (x == Foo::CONST_FOO) {
            Foo::do_foo()
        } else {
            abort 0
        }
    }
    ...
}
```
And, if there is a local name-clash when importing two modules:
```rust
module OtherFoo {
    resource struct Foo {}
    ...
}

module Importer {
    use 0x1::OtherFoo::Foo as OtherFoo;
    use 0x1::Foo::Foo;
....
}
```

### Comments

- Each module, struct, resource, and public function declaration should be commented
- Move has both doc comments `///`, regular single-line comments `//`, and block comments `/* */`

## Formatting
We plan to have an autoformatter to enforce these conventions at some point. In the meantime...

> - Four space identation except for `script` and `address` whose contents should not be indented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Four space indentation except for `script` and `address` blocks whose contents should not be indented
```
